overrideReasons for 1.1 (#513)
cds-hooks/docs: docs/specification/1.0.md

`indicator` | REQUIRED | *string* | Urgency/importance of what this card conveys. Allowed values, in order of increasing urgency, are: `info`, `warning`, `critical`. The CDS Client MAY use this field to help make UI display decisions such as sort order or coloring.
`source` | REQUIRED | *object* | Grouping structure for the **Source** of the information displayed on this card. The source should be the primary source of guidance for the decision support the card represents.
<nobr>`suggestions`</nobr> | OPTIONAL | *array* of **Suggestions** | Allows a service to suggest a set of changes in the context of the current activity (e.g.  changing the dose of the medication currently being prescribed, for the `medication-prescribe` activity). If suggestions are present, `selectionBehavior` MUST also be provided.

> `ackReasons` | OPTIONAL | *array* of **ackReasons** | The CDS service MAY return a list of acknowledgement reasons to the CDS client. The CDS client MAY present these reasons to the clinician when they dismiss a card, enabling the clinician to indicate why the guidance was not taken. A CDS client MAY augment the acknowledgement reasons presented to the user with its own reasons.

Author: ```suggestion
`ackReasons` | OPTIONAL | *array* of **ackReasons** | Acknowledgement reasons can be used by the end user when overriding a card without taking the suggested follow-ups. The CDS service MAY return a list of acknowledgement reasons to the CDS client. The CDS client MAY present these reasons to the clinician when they dismiss a card. A CDS client MAY augment the acknowledgement reasons presented to the user with its own reasons.
```

> `overrideReasons` | OPTIONAL | *array* of **OverrideReason** | Override reasons can be selected by the end user when overriding a card without taking the suggested follow-ups. The CDS service MAY return a list of override reasons to the CDS client. The CDS client SHOULD present these reasons to the clinician when they dismiss a card. A CDS client MAY augment the override reasons presented to the user with its own reasons.

Reviewer: nit: move this below selectionBehavior.  This keeps suggestions and behavior close, followed by what to do when a suggestion is not selected.

}
```

#### ackReason

An **ackReason** is described by the following attributes.

Field | Optionality | Type | Description
----- | ----- | ----- | --------

> `key` | REQUIRED | *string* | An opaque, unique identifier for this acknowledgement reason. `key` MUST be unique for the card.  To enable analysis of a card's usage, the same key accompanies the same label across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`key` | REQUIRED | *string* | An opaque, unique identifier for this acknowledgement reason. `key` MUST be unique within the card.  To enable analysis of a card's usage, the same key accompanies the same label across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.
```

}
```

> #### overrideReason

Reviewer 3: Suggest this should be capitalized `OverrideReason` since it is the name of the type

> An **overrideReason** is described by the following attributes. No standard set of **overridereasons** exists today; implementers are encouraged to submit suggestions for standardization. To enable analysis of a card's usage, the CDS service SHALL send the same `code`, `codesystem`, and `label` across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.

Reviewer 3: Capitalize the first reference, but remove the formatting from the second:
An **OverrideReason** is described by the following attributes. No standard set of override reasons exists today;

Reviewer 3: Instead of "No standard set of override reasons exists today", maybe "This specification does not prescribe a standard set of override reasons;

> An **OverrideReason** is described by the following attributes. This specification does not prescribe a standard set of override reasons; implementers are encouraged to submit suggestions for standardization. To enable analysis of a card's usage, the CDS service SHALL send the same `code`, `system`, and `label` across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.

Reviewer: "...across CDS Hooks **responses** for the same..."

> the CDS service SHALL send the same `code`, `system`, and `label` across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.

I want to make sure this doesn't get read as each card must have the same code(s), but that the codes/systems/labels are from a _set_ of codes/systems/labels that is consistently drawn from across replies.  What about:

The CDS Service SHALL use a consistent set of override reasons across CDS Hooks responses for the same CDS Client

Reviewer 2: I agree with the confusion; your proposed language here isn't helping me, though. I think we're trying to say: 

1. for a given CDS Client and label the CDS Service SHALL send the same `code` and `system`
2. for a given CDS Client, `code`, and `system`, the CDS Service SHALL send the same `label`

Is that right? i.e., both (1) and (2) are desired? Why is this important? What is the connection to analytics?

> An **OverrideReason** is described by the following attributes. This specification does not prescribe a standard set of override reasons; implementers are encouraged to submit suggestions for standardization. To enable analysis of a card's usage, the CDS service SHALL send the same `code`, `codesystem`, and `label` across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.

Reviewer: "codeSystem" should be "system"

Field | Optionality | Type | Description
----- | ----- | ----- | --------

> `code` | REQUIRED | *string* | A code for this **overridereason**. `code` MUST be unique within the card.  To enable analysis of a card's usage, the CDS service SHALL send the same `code` accompanied by the same `label` across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.

Reviewer 3: Capitalize **OverrideReason**

> `code` | REQUIRED | *string* | A code for this **overridereason**. `code` MUST be unique within the card.  To enable analysis of a card's usage, the CDS service SHALL send the same `code` accompanied by the same `label` across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.

Reviewer 3: Account for system in this text: "SHALL send the same `code` and `system` accompanied by the same `label` across CDS..."

> `code` | REQUIRED | *string* | A code for this **Overridereason**. `code` MUST be unique within the card.  To enable analysis of a card's usage, the CDS service SHALL send the same `code` and 'system' accompanied by the same `label` across CDS Hooks requests for the same CDS client.

Reviewer: nit: change quotes around 'system' so it's rendered as `system`

> `system` | OPTIONAL | *string* | A codesystem for this **overridereason** `code`.

Reviewer 3: Capitalize **OverrideReason**

`label` | REQUIRED | *string* | A short, human-readable label to display for this override (e.g. the CDS Client might render this as the text on a button).

```json
{

>    "ackReasons":[

Reviewer 3: Should be "overrideReasons"

Author: good catch!

      {
         "code":"reason-id-provided-by-service",

> 	 "system":"urn:oid:1.2.840.46474.1.3.27.11.6.4.373483.0",

Reviewer 3: Should use a code system URL here, not an OID... suggest a made up one: `http://example.org/cds-services/fhir/CodeSystem/override-reasons`

         "label":"Patient refused"
      },
      {
         "code":"12354",

> 	 "system":"urn:oid:1.2.840.46474.1.3.27.11.6.4.373483.0",

Reviewer 3: Same comment for system
